Where do tools like
Ansible fit into all this?
>> So Ansible is configuration focused,
right?
Ansible is what you run after
everything's already been provisioned.
And Ansible is really just
about what we said earlier,
who can change the values or
configurations in services and
other parts of my infrastructure, right?
Ansible can do a lot of things
however I would strongly urge you
to not use Ansible as
a one off solution tool.
The biggest reason for that is
because then Ansible just becomes bash
scripts [LAUGH] at the end of the day,
it really does and
you know it equally with bash
scripts can be very flimsy or
very effective depending on
how well you implement them.
At Hippo, we do use Ansible but
we only use it for service configuration.
That's it.
So Ansible role will run against our
service configs and update everything.
It doesn't create anything, it doesn't
delete anything, it doesn't move anything,
it just takes values that already exists
and changes them if they need to, right?
I don't really use Ansible that much
anymore these days to be honest,
cloud providers and
automation tools have gotten so
good now in a lot of ways where most
of the stuff and expectations that you
need are already there, so
you just don't really need to use it.
I would say be careful with what
you want to do with Ansible and
try and like even with this,
focus one thing at a time.
[LAUGH] You can use Ansible
to setup your dot files,
like your developer environment if you
really want it to, Ansible is so flexible.
Just try and keep that focus because
again, it's kind of a wonder tool, and
you don't need a wonder tool.
[LAUGH] Okay, any other questions?
>> Does Ansible make sense for
on-premise cases?
>> I think the only thing
Ansible really makes sense for
us is if you're a single person trying
to connect to a bunch of things at once,
because that's just really what it does.
If you are an individual who's
managing a bunch of on prem stuff,
and you want to at least get some
automation started, then yeah,
actually, I think it's
a great place to start.
Because you probably already
have SSH in place, right?
You probably already have some basic stuff
there, but you don't wanna have to manage
all these other things yet,
then that sure that could help.
But that also might mean that your on
prem solution doesn't have really great
automation API's, right?
And you might have to do
more manual stuff, so
I could see where Ansible
could help there.
>> To build on Luke's question,
can one use Terraform Pulumi to
manage self hosted on prem resources.
>> So Terraform and
Pulumi are going to require on
a provider already existing, right?
So when I told you guys before I
used to run my own on prem stuff,
I ran something called VM Ware V Center,
V center does have a Terraform provides.
So that gave me the ability
to write Terraform code and
create my resources with it.
But if there's not a provider for it,
unfortunately you can't use
the automation tool, yeah.
That's when Ansible would come in for
sure.
There's this automation that's
creating these things for you, right?
But it has to have access to a lot of
permissions to be able to do that, just to
make sure that you don't create and delete
everything underneath the world, right?
And so I believe what they're saying is,
how do you make it so
that if this is creating a network,
it can only create a network, right?
It can't also touch lambdas or EC2s or
other things like that, right?
Like how do you do that?
That's honestly that's
a tough problem to solve.
It really is.
>> You said exactly that's my
>> Yeah, we have not solved that at HIPAA,
[LAUGH] we just have a global admin key,
yeah.
Why?
Because it's so hard to predict
like what's the next thing.
And we found ourselves
like what they said.
Okay, now we got to add these permissions
and these permissions, and it's dude,
no, okay?
Terraform, you just manage everything,
okay?
We trust you, just do it.
Security might not like you though.
[LAUGH] The security team might not
like that you're doing that though,
but when if you wanted to really argue it,
you could just say that it's
about saving time for money.
How many hours do you want us to spend
every time we change a permission
trying to figure out,
we have to collaborate on that, you got
to tell me what permissions you need.
I don't think it's valuable.
I think what you should do instead is
focus on your security of your keys as
well as your rotations.
For me, I'm not really worried about keys,
as long as I can rotate it
as quickly as possible.
So, a good example of this, Circle CI
had a data breach about a year ago.
I don't know if anyone had heard about
this, but it was huge to the point where
Amazon even stepped in because so
many companies did exactly what we do.
They just set up their Circle CI to
have access to everything, right?
And so when that outage happened,
Circle CI actually had to go to Amazon and
then they work together so
that Amazon would go in and
reset all of the keys that were exploited,
right?
Yeah, I mean it's tough.
It's not fun and
what our takeaway from that was is maybe
don't store secrets in Circle CI anymore.
[LAUGH] That was our takeaway there,
it really was.
So yeah,
it's got to be an organizational decision.
And you need to be aware of
the decision you make, yeah.
But for us we just said, just given access
to everything it's a specific key only.
It's kinda like the Coca Cola recipe,
only two people know it exists, [LAUGH]
only two people know how to access it.
So keep it locked down, yeah.
Any other questions?
Yeah.
>> Are these, like this approach is this
well defined enough or
mature enough that you can switch
cloud providers easily enough or
is that are you still
fairly locked into to
>> You mean the automation providers?
>> Right, so if you have automation
providers, could you switch from Amazon to
>> Yeah, absolutely.
>> Almost seamlessly or is it
>> Well, so if you wanted to
move from like Amazon to Google, you'd
have to create the resources for that.
But what's nice about these providers
is they can talk to any of them.
It's not just Amazon or whatever.
So we gonna go over this in
the course a little later, but
if you modularize it well enough,
you could have a module for Amazon,
a module for Google, and
then just have Terraform run all of those.
>> Do you recommend infrastructure as code
for database provisioning and management?
>> So that's something I thought about
adding in this course, but because of so
much we have to do,
I ended up not doing it.
In that section, yes,
separate them though.
Create your databases in one automation
pipeline and then create your, I'm sorry,
create your instances in
one automation pipeline and
then create your databases in another.
Why?
Well, because this can
then depend on this.
So if you need to change this,
you don't have to change this too.
Whereas, if you bind them together, then
not only does Terraform have to change
your instance, it also has to be
able to access it and connect to it,
which then makes it even more challenging
for the pipeline to be able to do so.
Then we go back to permissions and
things like that.
That container now can do more things,
whereas we say, okay, here's the Terraform
for our RDS instances, here's
the Terraform for our Postgres databases.
And this just takes a value of
what the RDS instance URL is, and
just connects to it and runs it, right?
So over here, I can change the database
URL, have all the same automation and
have it run against a new database or
something like that.
So I do think it's important
to just separate those two.
That is what I do I have a workspace for
all my RDS instances and
then I have a workspace for
my databases and stuff, yeah.